yeah he's here Jamie Apple is he
handsome he's single Nepalese behave not
treat mr. Collins Jill service in an era
when marrying a rich man was the most a
woman could hope for Elizabeth Bennet
was way ahead of her time I singled you
out as the companion of my future life
sir I cannot accept you
don't worry mr. Collins tell her you
insist upon them marrying broccolis you
will have this house suddenly save your
sisters from destitution you cannot make
me from Jane Austen the beloved author
of Emma and Sense and Sensibility
that is mr. Darcy Phoenix miserable Poe
so miserable he may be but Paul he most
certainly is not
do you dance mr. Darcy not if I can help
it what's nice have you done for mr.
Darcy I have no idea I didn't have the
talent of conversing me easily with
people I have never met before that you
should practice may I have the next
dance Miss Elizabeth convenient since I
want to lose him for eternity
you know Oh
he's a rich by heavens assume the snob
you are Focus Features presents the
story of a modern woman mr. Darcy is
engaged to my daughter
using this union can be prevented by a
young woman of inferior birth who
discovered the one person she cannot
stand is the one man she may not be able
to resist can you expect me to rejoice
in the inferiority of your circumstances
for the first moment I met you your
parents made me realise that you were
the last man in the world I could ever
marry
[Music]
do you not think him a handsome man yes
it is from the producers of Bridget
Jones's Diary and Love Actually been a
fool since her VY we are all fools in
love Keira Knightley Matthew Macfadyen
Brenda Blethyn Donald Sutherland and
Judi Dench you have bewitched me
audience ohh
I can't do that I dated we all Pride and
Prejudice
[Music]
you